Add named scenarios for S4J and S4R. Update the README doc accordingly. (#1365)
nosqlbench/nosqlbench: adapter-s4j/src/main/resources/s4j.md

# 3. NB S4J Driver Configuration Parameter File

> The S4J API has a list of configuration options that can be found here: https://docs.datastax.com/en/streaming/starlight-for-jms/3.2/reference/pulsar-jms-reference.html.

Reviewer: #nitpick I'd change this to `latest` so it stays future-proofed.
```suggestion
The S4J API has a list of configuration options that can be found here: https://docs.datastax.com/en/streaming/starlight-for-jms/latest/reference/pulsar-jms-reference.html.
```

Author: Thanks @msmygit. Fixed
